# MGT 3745 discussion APIs

- JavaScript Open-source Software: In the environment of open-nature of many javascript tools and libraries, since the users are able to utilize the resources around the world and making any updates to the current OSS apis, that leads to the collboration and innovation in the wev development has huge impact of improvement since everybody around the world and distribute to the open source apis. As previous discussion listed, there's have manys grameworks and modules are popular. For example, the React.js. The react.js can be used for creating respinsive and active user interfaces, SEO friendly to build e-commerce platforms. Another example is Lodash, it doesn't do too much for the client base, but it can help the develoeprs do the tasks and jobs more conssistent during developing a tech product with javascript. it provides helpful functions for working with the arrays, objects, and other data types.
- NPM: NPM is a huge shelf that holding all of the resources that are helpful to the developer, it centralized the repositories for sharing and managing code dependencies. this website helps developers to know external libraries easily and searching the libraries for using. It saves developers' time and effort to find other open-source online. It also a control version which the users can quickly install, update, and remove the packages if we download the package in npm. The npm helps enhancing the collaboration between developers, it also facilitate the development for nowaday's applications.
- Web APIs: the Web APIs plays an important role when doing the website development using javascript by using resources from outside and services. Such as the gps mapping, audio video processing, and social media integration, etc. Because of these functionalities, that enrich the user experience when browsing the website and interactive contents. 